Modify rule S3799: Adapt to LaYC (#2455)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S3799/javascript/rule.adoc

== Why is this an issue?

> Destructuring is a convenient way of extracting multiple values from data stored in (possibly nested) objects and arrays. However, it is possible to create an empty pattern that has no effect, where no variables are assigned to the resulting values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destructuring is a convenient way of extracting multiple values from data stored in (possibly nested) objects and arrays. It can make code more concise and expressive by directly extracting values or properties needed from arrays or objects. However, it is possible to define an empty pattern that has no effect, where no variables are bound to the destructured values.
```

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=noncompliant]
----

> var {a: {}} = myObj; // Noncompliant: this does not create any variable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let {a: {}} = myObj; // Noncompliant: this does not define any variable 'a'
```

Author: I did not want to mention 'a' explicitly, because that would only the case where the user just wanted to set default value. It can also be the case where the user forgot to fill the pattern inside the curly braces

Reviewer: 👍

> function foo({first: []}) { // Noncompliant: this does not define any parameter

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function foo({p: []}) { // Noncompliant: this does not define any parameter 'p'
```

Author: same as before, I didn't want to only cover the default assignment case

Reviewer: 👍

  // ...
}
----

> When empty curly braces or brackets are used to the right of a property name, the intent is to use a default value. To fix it, use the assignment operator (`=`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When empty curly or square brackets are bound to a pattern with a colon (`:`), like `{ pattern: [] }` or `{ pattern: {} }`, the intent is likely to define a default value. To properly define such a default value, use the assignment operator (`=`) instead.
```

> If that is not the intention, fix the left-side pattern to contain the variables to create.

Reviewer: Let's move this sentence after the snippet and provide a specific one to illustrate this possible fix, because, to be honest, I don't understand how the fix would look like with what you wrote :)

Author: I meant to fix the destructuring to actually create variables:

```js

let {a: {b, c}} = myObj;
```

How would you phrase it?

Author: what about now?

Reviewer: Perfect, thanks!

[source,javascript,diff-id=1,diff-type=compliant]
----

> var {a = {}} = myObj;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let {a = {}} = myObj;
```

> function foo({first = []}) {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
function foo({p = []}) {
```
